they were all emphatic that their
particular part of the jungle was
teeming with wildlife and that if that
was all we wanted well we should go no
further but no one seemed to be able to
explain exactly what animals were to be
found until one old man said oh yes Tuan
many animals in this place very good
place for animals why only two weeks ago
you said the tiger came into this very
camp owned and ate two men this is a
fine place for animals well I explained
the hastily that man-eating Tigers were
not actually on our list of desirable
animals to be caught and as no one
seemed anxious to volunteer for the task
of catching the tiger we let the subject
drop we talked for a little time more
and then one man said that when he had
been in the forest a few days ago he had
seen a very large snake in one of the
trees maybe he said it's still there
well that sounded much more manageable
to me and the next day with him as a
guide we set off to look for it
and sure enough we found it it looked
enormous
and from its size and markings I was
quite sure that it was a Python and
therefore non poisonous which was
something of a relief
it's important to grab his tail as soon
as you grab his head otherwise he'll
wrap his great coils around you and give
you a very nasty squeeze